Add user-guide for Migration Policies (#565)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/operations/migration_policies.md

> # Migration Policies

Reviewer: We need a disclaimer that LMPs are still Alpha

Author: Thanks, done!

Migration policies provides a new way of applying migration configurations to Virtual Machines. The policies
can refine Kubevirt CR's `MigrationConfiguration` that sets the cluster-wide migration configurations. This way,

> the cluster-wide settings serve as a default while can be changed, removed or added by the migration policy.

Author: Changed to `the cluster-wide settings serve as a default that can be refined (i.e. changed, removed or added) by the migration policy`. WDYT?

## Overview

KubeVirt supports [Live Migrations](./live_migration.md) of Virtual Machine workloads.
Before migration policies were introduced, migration settings could be configurable only on the cluster-wide
scope by editing [KubevirtCR's spec](https://kubevirt.io/api-reference/master/definitions.html#_v1_kubevirtspec)
or more specifically [MigrationConfiguration](https://kubevirt.io/api-reference/master/definitions.html#_v1_migrationconfiguration)
CRD.

Several aspects (although not all) of migration behaviour that can be customized are:
- Bandwidth
- Auto-convergence
- Post/Pre-copy
- Max number of parallel migrations

> - Timeout

Reviewer: Where are these items explained better?

We need to explain them /somewhere/ reallly well.

Author: They're briefly explained here: https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/operations/live_migration/#changing-cluster-wide-migration-limits

But I fully agree, we need to improve the explanation for sure.

Author: + explain that you can refine these with migration policies

- Post/Pre-copy
- Max number of parallel migrations
- Timeout

Migration policies generalize the concept of defining migration configurations, so it would be

> possible to apply different configurations to specified groups of VMs.

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
possible to apply different configurations to specific groups of VMs.
```

Such capability can be useful for a lot of different use cases on which there is a need to differentiate
between different workloads. Differentiation of different configurations could be needed because different
workloads are considered to be in different priorities, security segregation, workloads with different
requirements, help to converge workloads which aren't migration-friendly, and many other reasons.

## API Examples

#### Migration Configurations

> Currently, MigrationPolicy's spec will only include the currently relevant configurations from KubevirtCR's

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
Currently, the MigrationPolicy spec will only include the currently relevant configurations from KubevirtCR's
```

kind: MigrationPolicy
  spec:
    allowAutoConverge: true
    bandwidthPerMigration: 217Ki
    completionTimeoutPerGiB: 23
    allowPostCopy: false
```

In the future more configurations can be added, either being cloned from KubevirtCR's MigrationConfiguration or

> by adding a configuration that is not suited for cluster-wide context.

Reviewer: While correc,t I'D keep this out of the user-guide.

Author: done :+1:

All above fields are optional. When omitted, the behaviour that will apply is the currently defined behaviour in
KubevirtCR's MigrationConfiguration. This way, KubevirtCR will serve as a configurable set of defaults for both

> VMs that are not bounded to any MigrationPolicy and VMs that are bounded to a MigrationPolicy that does not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VMs that are not bound to any MigrationPolicy and VMs that are bound to a MigrationPolicy that does not
```

define all the configurations.

#### Matching Policies to VMs

Next in the spec are the selectors that define the group of VM on which to apply the policy. The options to do so
are the following.

> **This policy applies for the VMs in namespaces that have all the required labels:**

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
**This policy applies to the VMs in namespaces that have all the required labels:**
```
More of the same below

apiVersion: migrations.kubevirt.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigrationPolicy
  spec:
  selectors:
    virtualMachineInstanceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        workload-type: db       # Matches a key and a value 
        operating-system: ""    # Matches the key only, any value applies
```

**It is also possible to combine the previous two:**
```yaml
apiVersion: migrations.kubevirt.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigrationPolicy
  spec:
  selectors:
    namespaceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        hpc-workloads: true
        xyz-workloads-type: ""
    virtualMachineInstanceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        workload-type: db
        operating-system: ""
```

#### Full Manifest:

```yaml
apiVersion: migrations.kubevirt.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigrationPolicy
metadata:
  name: my-awesome-policy
spec:
  # Migration Configuration
  allowAutoConverge: true
  bandwidthPerMigration: 217Ki
  completionTimeoutPerGiB: 23
  allowPostCopy: false
  
  # Matching to VMs
  selectors:
    namespaceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        hpc-workloads: true
        xyz-workloads-type: ""
    virtualMachineInstanceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        workload-type: db
        operating-system: ""
```
## Policies' Precedence

> It is possible that a multiple policies apply to the same VMI. In such cases, the precedence is in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible that multiple policies apply to the same VMI. In such cases, the precedence is in the
```

same order as the bullets above (VMI labels first, then namespace labels). It is not allowed to define
two policies with the exact same selectors.

If multiple policies apply to the same VMI:
* The most detailed policy will be applied, that is, the policy with the highest number of matching labels
* If multiple policies match to a VMI with the same number of matching labels, the policies will be sorted by the

>   lexicographic order of the matching labels keys. The first one in this order will be applied.

Reviewer 2: This is not displayed correctly when rendered (see https://deploy-preview-565--kubevirt-user-guide.netlify.app/operations/migration_policies/)
Same with the section below.

Author: Thanks for letting me know! And for showing me this cool preview link :D
Fixed

kind: MigrationPolicy
metadata:
  name: my-awesome-policy
spec:
  # Migration Configuration
  allowAutoConverge: true
  bandwidthPerMigration: 217Ki
  completionTimeoutPerGiB: 23
  allowPostCopy: false
  
  # Matching to VMs
  selectors:
    namespaceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        hpc-workloads: true
        xyz-workloads-type: ""
    virtualMachineInstanceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        workload-type: db
        operating-system: ""
```
## Policies' Precedence

It is possible that multiple policies apply to the same VMI. In such cases, the precedence is in the
same order as the bullets above (VMI labels first, then namespace labels). It is not allowed to define
two policies with the exact same selectors.

If multiple policies apply to the same VMI:
* The most detailed policy will be applied, that is, the policy with the highest number of matching labels

* If multiple policies match to a VMI with the same number of matching labels, the policies will be sorted by the
lexicographic order of the matching labels keys. The first one in this order will be applied.

### Example

For example, let's imagine a VMI with the following labels:

> * size: small

Reviewer 2: This bullet point appears at the end of the previous line, see preview.

* os: fedora

* gpu: nvidia

And let's say the namespace to which the VMI belongs contains the following labels:

> * priority: high

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

Before migration policies were introduced, migration settings could be configurable only on the cluster-wide
scope by editing [KubevirtCR's spec](https://kubevirt.io/api-reference/master/definitions.html#_v1_kubevirtspec)
or more specifically [MigrationConfiguration](https://kubevirt.io/api-reference/master/definitions.html#_v1_migrationconfiguration)
CRD.

Several aspects (although not all) of migration behaviour that can be customized are:
- Bandwidth
- Auto-convergence
- Post/Pre-copy
- Max number of parallel migrations
- Timeout

Migration policies generalize the concept of defining migration configurations, so it would be
possible to apply different configurations to specific groups of VMs.

Such capability can be useful for a lot of different use cases on which there is a need to differentiate
between different workloads. Differentiation of different configurations could be needed because different
workloads are considered to be in different priorities, security segregation, workloads with different
requirements, help to converge workloads which aren't migration-friendly, and many other reasons.

## API Examples

#### Migration Configurations

> Currently, the MigrationPolicy spec will only include the currently relevant configurations from KubevirtCR's

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently the MigrationPolicy spec will only include the relevant configurations from KubevirtCR's
```

Reviewer 3: nit: Maybe elaborate about what the `relevant configurations` are?

Author: I changed it to:
```
Currently the MigrationPolicy spec will only include the following configurations from KubevirtCR's
MigrationConfiguration (in the future more configurations that aren't
part of Kubevirt CR are intended to be added):
```

By "relevant" I meant everything that is suitable for a use in a customizable scope (which is what migration policies are built for). For example, the number of maximum parallel migrations per node is not suitable to be determined by a migration policy.

But, in the near future we're planning to add configs that aren't suitable for a cluster-wide use, therefore would exist only for migration policies and not to Kubevirt CR.

I didn't want to get into all those details in the user-guide (I'm not sure the avarage user would be interested in that). What do you think about the new wording?

> MicrationConfiguration:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
MigrationConfiguration:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: migrations.kubevirt.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigrationPolicy
  spec:
    allowAutoConverge: true
    bandwidthPerMigration: 217Ki
    completionTimeoutPerGiB: 23
    allowPostCopy: false
```

> All above fields are optional. When omitted, the behaviour that will apply is the currently defined behaviour in

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
All above fields are optional. When omitted, the configuration will be applied as defined in
```

KubevirtCR's MigrationConfiguration. This way, KubevirtCR will serve as a configurable set of defaults for both
VMs that are not bound to any MigrationPolicy and VMs that are bound to a MigrationPolicy that does not

> define all the configurations.

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
define all fields of the configurations.
```

#### Matching Policies to VMs

> Next in the spec are the selectors that define the group of VM on which to apply the policy. The options to do so

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next in the spec are the selectors that define the group of VMs on which to apply the policy. The options to do so
```

are the following.

**This policy applies to the VMs in namespaces that have all the required labels:**
```yaml
apiVersion: migrations.kubevirt.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigrationPolicy
  spec:
  selectors:
    namespaceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        hpc-workloads: true       # Matches a key and a value 
        xyz-workloads-type: ""    # Matches the key only, any value applies
```

**This policy applies for the VMs that have all the required labels:**
```yaml
apiVersion: migrations.kubevirt.io/v1alpha1
kind: MigrationPolicy
  spec:
  selectors:
    virtualMachineInstanceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        workload-type: db       # Matches a key and a value 

>         operating-system: ""    # Matches the key only, any value applies

Reviewer 3: nit: very late to the game, I know, but from a readability POV I stumbled over the empty string here. At first I figured it might mean "the label is NOT present". Maybe something like "*" would have been better here?

BTW is something like `"!label_name"` possible here?

Author: This is a great catch actually.
As you're pointing out, this is confusing. For this and other reason this feature isn't merged yet and isn't planned to get merged in the near future.

I'll remove this from the user-guide, thanks for catching that!
